Q: Describe the Git workflow your team should adopt to prevent this from happening
   again. Name at least two Git commands your team should use as part of this workflow and
   explain the role of each command.

A:The Proposed Workflow: Feature Branching 
​   Instead of everyone working on main, the main branch is treated as sacred and reserved only for 
   production-ready, thoroughly tested code.
​  Isolate Development: 
   Every new feature, bug fix, or UI tweak is developed on a separate, dedicated branch created for that 
   specific task.
​  Pull Requests (PRs): 
   When a teammate finishes their code, they don't merge it themselves. They open a Pull Request on a 
   platform like GitHub or GitLab.
​  Code Review & Testing: 
   The remaining teammates review the code, test it locally, and ensure it doesn’t break the layout before
   it is officially merged into main.

​  Key Git Commands for the Workflow:
​   To make this workflow function seamlessly, your team needs to utilize the following commands:
​  1. git checkout -b <branch-name>
​   The Role: 
     This command creates a brand new branch isolated from main and immediately switches your workspace 
     to it.
​   How it helps: 
     By working inside a dedicated branch (e.g., git checkout -b fix-navigation-bar), the teammate's
     incomplete code remains entirely isolated. They can push their progress to the remote repository 
     to back up their work, but it won't affect the main branch or break the layout for anyone else until 
     it is ready.
​  2. git pull origin main
​   The Role: 
     This command fetches the latest changes from the remote main branch and integrates them into your 
     current local branch.
​   How it helps: 
     Before submitting a Pull Request, a developer should run this command on their feature branch to 
     catch and resolve any "merge conflicts" or layout breaks locally. This ensures that their code plays 
     nicely with whatever else has been updated before it ever touches the team's shared production code.